Terms & conditions of sale
Please read this document carefully as it contains the terms and conditions that you agree to be bound by if you continue to use and purchase any of the products ("Products") listed on https://www.thebodyshop.com, whether accessed via a browser or mobile (“The Body Shop Online Store”). The below terms and conditions (“the Conditions”) together with the documents referred to within apply to your use of this The Body Shop Online Store and to any purchases you make through The Body Shop Online Store.

The use of The Body Shop Online Store is subject to the terms contained in our Terms of Use, which apply whether or not you order any Products from The Body Shop Online Store. In the event of any conflict between the Terms of Use and these Conditions, then these Conditions shall prevail.

The Body Shop is fully committed to the responsible collection, use and care of personal information. The categories of personal information that that we process about you will depend on how you use our services and interact with us. All personal information is processed in accordance with our Privacy Notice.

1. INFORMATION ABOUT THE BODY SHOP

1.1 The Body Shop Online Store is operated by The Body Shop International Limited (“The Body Shop”, “we” or “us” or "our"). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 15859787, with our registered office at Watersmead, Littlehampton, West Sussex BN17 6LS, United Kingdom. Our UK VAT registration number is GB494271566.

1.2 Please address any complaints, queries or correspondence regarding these Conditions or The Body Shop Online Store, to the contacts as listed in our contact us page.

2. PURCHASING THE BODY SHOP PRODUCTS

2.1 You may only purchase Products from The Body Shop Online Store:

available for sale and details of which appear on The Body Shop Online Store;
for delivery to England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland (Excluding PO box addresses); and
for personal use, either by yourself or by your intended recipient(s) of the Products. The Body Shop reserves the right to decline any order that it has reasonable cause to believe is for onward sale other than through distribution channels approved by The Body Shop.
3. PRODUCT DETAILS

3.1 Details of the Products available for purchase (including their price) are set out on The Body Shop Online Store from time to time.

3.2 The Body Shop takes all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of the Products appearing on The Body Shop Online Store are correct at the time when the relevant information is placed onto The Body Shop Online Store. Although every effort is made to keep The Body Shop Online Store as accurate and up to date as possible, the information appearing at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order.

3.3 Again, while The Body Shop takes all reasonable care to ensure that Product details appearing on The Body Shop Online Store are correct, a Product's true colour may not exactly match that shown on your device or in our marketing or its packaging may be slightly different.

4. PRODUCT PRICES

4.1 If there is a Product pricing error which is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mispricing, we do not have to provide the Products to you at the incorrect price.

4.2 We may change our prices at any time. Any such changes will not affect the price of any orders you have placed with us where we have already emailed you to confirm the Products are being shipped to you.

5. PURCHASING PRODUCTS FROM THE BODY SHOP ONLINE STORE

5.1 You may place an order to purchase a Product advertised for sale on The Body Shop Online Store by navigating through the checkout process and clicking on the ‘Submit Order’ button on the cart page. Once you have clicked on the "Submit Order" button, you have made a binding offer for the sale of the relevant Product ("Offer").

5.2 On receipt of your Offer:

Order: we will contact you by email to confirm we've received your order ("Order Confirmation"). If you are paying by credit or debit-card, we will send you the Order Confirmation once payment has been authorised by your bank ("Authorisation"). If you are paying by some other preferred payment method that does not offer a similar Authorisation mechanism (e.g. gift card, PayPal, Klarna) we will send you the Order Confirmation directly (without Authorisation).
Dispatch: We will contact you again separately to confirm that your order has been dispatched to you ("Dispatch Confirmation").
Contract Formation: We are deemed to have accepted your Offer ("Acceptance"), and a corresponding binding contract of sale for the Product you have ordered is concluded between you and The Body Shop ("Sale") only upon the Dispatch Confirmation.
5.3 Time of Payment

With Authorisation: For credit or debit card payments we normally collect payment after Acceptance (i.e. after the Sale is concluded) upon Dispatch Confirmation (based on the Authorisation received from the bank when you placed the order).
Without Authorisation: For other payment methods that do not offer a similar Authorisation mechanism, the payment is normally collected at the point when you place the order, before the Dispatch Confirmation (i.e. before the Sale is concluded). Where, in similar cases, we collect payment in advance (prior to Acceptance), this must be treated as a pre-payment in anticipation of the prospective Sale and should not be construed as implied "acceptance" on our part. Our formal Acceptance only happens (and the Sale is only concluded) according to section 5.2(c) upon the Dispatch Confirmation, without exception, irrespective of the exact timing of the payment, which may vary slightly based on your chosen payment method.
5.4 There may be situations when Body Shop may be unable to process your order if, for example:

the Product you ordered is discontinued or no longer available;
your payment card (or other chosen payment method) does not give authorisation for the payment of the purchase price or we determine that your credit reference is unsatisfactory;
you want to ship to a freight forwarding company address, for example: Self Storage, Address Pal and/or Storage Wizard and they are unable to accept delivery; and/or
you are located outside of our delivery areas, (see section 7).
5.5 We may choose not to accept your order for any reason, including if the Product was mispriced by us or if you do not meet the eligibility to order criteria set out in section 2 above.

5.6 If we are either unable to process or choose not to accept your order, we will let you know as soon as possible and refund any sums you have paid (e.g. under section 5.3(b)). The Body Shop will not be liable to you or to anyone else for any loss or damage directly or indirectly resulting from such refusal or inability to process your order.

5.7 If our supply of your Product is delayed by an event outside our control, we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and do what we can to reduce the delay. As long as we do this, we won't compensate you for the delay, but you can contact our Customer Service Team using the details below to end the contract and receive a refund for any Products you have paid for in advance, but not received.

6. PAYMENT METHODS

6.1 We accept a range of payment methods for purchases made online and in store. Accepted methods may include debit cards, credit cards, gift cards, PayPal, Klarna, and other payment services as listed at checkout.

6.2 When you provide payment information, you confirm that:

You are authorised to use the chosen payment method.
All payment details supplied are accurate and valid.
You will promptly update any information that changes (e.g., expired cards).
6.3 Payment is taken at the point of purchase (as in more detail stated in section 5.2) unless otherwise stated. For card payments, your bank or card issuer may place a pre-authorisation or hold; we are not responsible for any associated fees.

6.4 Third party payment or credit providers (including PayPal and Klarna) are independent of The Body Shop. Their own terms, conditions and privacy notices apply when you use those services. The Body Shop is not responsible for their decisions, credit checks, eligibility assessments, credit approval, service availability, or any fees charged by your bank or payment provider, or the operation of their instalment products. If you use any of these external payment services, your personal data may be shared with them in accordance with our Privacy Policy and their own privacy terms. The Body Shop does not provide these credit or payment services and does not earn any commission or benefit when you use such third party (payment or credit) services.

7. DELIVERY & RETURNS

7.1 Please refer to the terms available here: Delivery & Returns - The Body Shop

8. BULK POLICY

8.1 The Body Shop's retail sales policy towards bulk ordering is such that we will only sell to genuine consumers. This bulk ordering policy covers all markets, branded stores, outlets, shop-in-shop locations, websites (including The Body Shop Online Store) and platforms. Unauthorised third party traders, posing as consumers, to purchase The Body Shop merchandise in bulk for commercial re-sale through unauthorised channels may be blocked or subsequently have their order cancelled. For example:

we may only allow 10 units of the same type of Product per transaction;
we may only allow a maximum of 50 Products per transaction; and/or
we may only allow a maximum of £500 per week per purchaser or per address or per household, or per payment method.
8.2 This bulk policy may be adjusted by The Body Shop as required at any time.

9. YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL - IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND

9.1 Your Statutory Rights: You are legally entitled to cancel your order if you change your mind (irrespective of whether the Products are faulty or not), provided that you exercise your right within 28 days of the date we deliver the relevant Product – however we take a more generous approach than this (see section 8.2 – “Your Money Back Guarantee”).

9.2 Your Money-Back Guarantee: Over and above your legal right to cancel (section 8.1) we're committed to making sure you love everything you buy from us. If you're not completely happy, we’re here to help. We'd love the chance to recommend to you an alternative Product or your money-back guarantee means you can return any product (subject to section 8.5) within 45 days of the date we deliver the relevant Product, with your receipt).

9.3 Your right to cancel if you change your mind (under sections 8.1 or 8.2) doesn't affect or limit your statutory rights if Products are faulty or if they are not as described (see section 9 below).

9.4 It is important to note that if you choose to cancel your order you will be expected to return the Products in the same condition in which you received them.

9.5 Certain Products are not suitable for return due to health protection and/or hygiene reasons, this includes lipsticks, roll on perspirants or other such Products. If the Products are unsealed or have been opened then you will not be able to cancel or return the order for health protection purposes. Please note however that this exclusion does not apply if the Products are unsealed, damaged or faulty when you receive them (see below).

9.6 You are required to return any Products in your order that have been sent to you free of charge as part of a promotion in order for us to process your return within 14 days after cancelling your order (we do not need to receive them within 14 days; you just need to have sent them off to us within that time).

10. DAMAGED OR FAULTY PRODUCTS AND INCORRECT ORDERS

10.1 You may exchange your Products or obtain a full refund if the Products in your order are damaged or faulty upon receipt, or if the Products you have received are not the Products you originally ordered.

10.2 We are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with this contract and nothing in these Conditions will affect your legal rights. The UK Consumer Rights Act 2015 says goods must be as described, fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality. If the Products you buy from The Body Shop Online Store are faulty, then you may be entitled to a refund or replacement.

11. REFUNDS

11.1 When returning Products under section 8 (if you have simply changed your mind), we will refund:

the full purchase price; and
the delivery charges (the cost for initial delivery to you).
11.2 When returning Products under section 9 (damaged or faulty Products or incorrect orders) we will refund:

full purchase price of the Product (unless you opt to receive an identical replacement item);
delivery charges (the cost for initial delivery of the Product to you); and
return charges (the cost for returning Product to us) upon the production of a receipt. Alternatively, we can arrange to collect your Product from you at our cost please arrange this by contacting our Customer Services Team using the details below.
The cost of dispatching a replacement item to you, in case you have opted to receive a replacement item.
11.3 Once your returned goods are received by us, it usually takes 3-5 working days for funds to be returned to the original payment method. However, this can take up to 14 days depending on your card issuer. If you paid using PayPal, funds are usually returned on the same working day.

12. HOW TO CONTACT US

12.1 Our contact details can be found on our contact us page.

13. LIABILITY

13.1 We are legally required to supply Products that are in conformity with our contract with you. We accept no liability for any losses that are not reasonably foreseeable, caused by a delaying event outside of our control or that could have been avoided by taking reasonable action.

13.2 The Products are supplied for domestic and private use only. The Body Shop shall not be liable for any losses relating to any business of yours, including but not limited to lost revenue, income or profits, lost data or any interruption to your business.

13.3 You must follow any instructions and advice we may give you in relation to the safe use or storage of the Products. We will not be responsible for any damage to the Products which is caused by your failure to follow these instructions and/or our advice.

13.4 There are certain responsibilities which The Body Shop cannot exclude by law and nothing in these Conditions limits or attempt to limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence, or our responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation and any other liability that cannot be excluded under English law.

13.5 Nothing in this section 12 or elsewhere in our Conditions affects your statutory legal rights.

14. EVENTS OUTSIDE OF OUR REASONABLE CONTROL

14.1 We will not be responsible or liable for any losses arising from any delay or failure to perform our obligations that is caused by events outside of The Body Shops reasonable control.

15. GENERAL

15.1 The Body Shop reserves the right to:

Modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, The Body Shop Online Store (or any part thereof, including images of Products images or concerning the availability of Products), to reflect changes in the law, to make minor technical adjustments and improvements and to update digital content (provide that content always matches the description of it that we provided to you before you bought it).
Change these Conditions from time to time. If any of this information changes we will notify you by updating these Conditions or by informing you by email. Your continued use of The Body Shop Online Store (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using The Body Shop Online Store and contact our Customer Care Team to cancel the order to receive a refund for any Products you've paid for but won't receive.
If The Body shop should change these Conditions, your order will be subject to the relevant Conditions that were in force at the Date and time of you placing your order. Copies of the applicable past T&C are available on request by email from uk@customercare.thebodyshop.com
Post purchase assistance - you may also contact the Customer Care Centre by sending an email to the above email address if you have any queries or concerns regarding your purchase.
15.2 If any provision of these Conditions is found to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

15.3 These Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The Courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction.

PROMOTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS

See specific terms and conditions for our promotions

GIFT CARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS

See specific terms and conditions for our gift cards

SUBSCRIPTION FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

See specific frequently asked questions regarding our body and skincare subscription service

These Conditions were last updated February 2026.